Update command style pt2 eventing and developer directories (#4045)
knative/docs: docs/developer/eventing/sinks/kafka-sink.md

To enable debug logging for data plane components change the logging level to `DEBUG` in the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap.

> 1. Create a YAML file using the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the `kafka-config-logging` ConfigMap as a YAML file that contains the following:
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion
